hello to all greet all viewers
channel and she for sure
I have often been asked to talk about
some german dishes in
any german snack which
No other country in the Russian well, everything
know very well that the Germans love very much
all sorts of sausages and sausages about it
we all heard
know and today I want to show you
so that's what it is called sausage
although it is not quite a sausage it can on
bread and eat it with cells but it
also called my trust
many already know thanks to the end wust
that in the mouth it is translated from German
sausages well, how would this
sausage but it is raw minced with
court salt and seasoning but also let's
Now I will tell you first read
Generally what is the composition of the 95
percent pork me
iodized salt vibration pepper and onion and
we have it seasoning then
dextrose lauren knit
major verdict in smith and santan
anti oxidant sound me the oscar benton
preserve that x 3 mp mind nitrite
shorter here added only 5 percent
7 added here all kinds of acid
all sorts of supplements so energy
value per 100 grams of product is what
two kilocalories a
proteins 17 grams carbohydrates 1 gram per 100
gram and fat here 10 gram is lightly
low fat
30 gram fat tricks percent here
only 10 percent weight of this product
200 grams here are two sausages by one hundred grams
2 sausages here is such a sausage
but what kind of sausage is here at all is
raw mince raw minced pork with
adding as I have already read
salt and seasoning well because it
packed and stored for a long time here
accordingly some canned
preserve damask on preservative is so
well and how is the plaintiff but mostly usually
This falls on a bun and raw
it's all eaten up so here I am now and
I will make here on a consistence look that
it turns out raw stuffing is then not
brewed not fried not smoked right
same raw and plaintiff
so i will do now called this yet
tell my trust no he
well sold meat shops and should in
during the day he sellers and eat something
have it not stored for long on the same day
hit it all eat eat this
snack in Russian I would call it
snack
closer to evening that is evening
time is still the Germans something called one
brother that is for dinner they eat not something
hot can calmly take the bread and
some sausages make sandwiches
pocus sandwiches
this will need is called a ben ford
I got such a sandwich with
raw ground meat 95 percent pork
10 percent fat here you can see that
there is alive and meat so but still not all
then all this can be peppered
someone else likes then on top fresh onions
but I do not particularly like onions yennu is not
want
and it turned out like this
appetizer such a sandwich with raw minced meat
again I will say, this is called my trust and
enjoy your meal
tastes like raw minced meat
from salty confirmed
it smells like pepper now because
fresh peppers smell before seppo
it doesn't smell like meat but it tastes pretty
still pleasant with tea is pretty
still tasty in Russia we Novosibirsk
I have not seen such a product can be
Of course it is somewhere else , somewhere else
be making such a sausage or not if
familiar to you if you have in the region
write in the comments would be
interesting cool such a snack first
once saw Germany and for a long time not
I did not dare to try it but
it's really raw mince somehow I
used to like meat should be
cooked cooked heat us go for
polina somehow but should be like
said under subjected to hot
handling the raw form I did not eat meat but
tried it once I liked it
The only thing that I buy is not very fat
there is only 10 percent fat content
30 percent fat that's a lot but so
sometimes buy this one with preservatives
because it is long kept here on
packaging read it can be stored in
Refrigerator 2 weeks
if you buy a butcher shop, you need it
same this
On the same day, I have to write from there to
comments can you have too
region there is such a dish or something
It will be very interesting if there were
In Germany, tried this or go
if you must try in Germany
just ask no element of high school they
there are not slightly smoked can and
how to eat sausages but the meaning is the same there
raw minced slightly slightly smoked
also pretty tasty who tried
such networth smoked once not even
understand that this is just raw stuffing so
delicious is a snack
I advise you to try but everything is on it
finish and a short video about German
delicacies you all have a nice appetite
thanks for watching everyone good luck